Most pointless bank around, Go in to make a lodgement and you're told to go across to the post office. They can't help you with any day to day banking needs, avoid!
Very good bank 🏧 they do help you out
Can't lodge in money or take out, not to mention rude security guy and staff not friendly or helpful at all. Should close all together, because the staff there is completely appalling,  other branches are much more of a help and atleast smile to my face.
Opened a joint account with my wife. Excellent customer service. Completed during my lunch hour.
Super new AIB Bank branch located beside Gateway Student Village and Ballymun Garda Station. It is across the road from Supervalu. Its is only a 2 minute walk from Gateway Student Village.
No ATM and bad customer service again... Not recommended branch.
A bank branch where no banking can be done. Lodgements or withdrawals not possible.
Its the Branch with no use. Every query you will have same suggestion that It can be done online.
One of the worst branches ever if it's not the worst, thank you for not doing your job
What a waste of a bank. Needed to make a withdrawal and no cash facility or ATM. I was pointed across the road to the post office. No point in Banking with AIB when they can't offer the most basic of services
Great costumer service. Got my account swap application done in 2 minutes
Woefully bad service. As a few others said here - what is the point in this branch? Went to open a savings account today, and ended up doing it ALL myself online in the branch. The guy I dealt with blamed being back from Holidays and no one had mentioned the new rates to him??!?
Doesn’t:-lodge checks-help setup personal accounts (told to go online)-help setup business accounts (directed to go to Dun L or Stillorgan)I can see this ‘branch’ being replaced by an outdoor ATM and a phone number or a qr code that links you to the aib homepage/app store
What a waste of space. Can’t lodge cash bad enough but you can’t even lodge a cheque at the ATM inside during opening hours! This is not a bank , possibly a mortgage broker but definitely not worthy of being called a bank.
Worst bank. They are “cashless”. Don’t bother going if you want to do the two most common things needed for a bank. Deposit or get cash. Absolutely ridiculous. Customer service is painfully slow too.
I had an Alice in Wonderland experience in this bank as, despite having all necessary documentation, I could not carry out the transaction I required and was redirected to Stillorgan or Dunlaoghaire branches. I heard the 4 customers who followed me in as I was awaiting assistance receive the same advice, including advice to use the post office in Blackrock Shopping centre? Quite extraordinary and very frustrating. Staff were friendly and courteous, but what is the point if you cannot transact basic banking business?
The staff are not knowledgeable of their own products, are passive-aggressive, and fail to acknowledge the customer as a customer; instead they treat users of the branch as if they should be grateful for the privilege of banking with AIB.The number of times I have heard staff direct customers to the An Post in Blackrock Village Centre (inside Supervalu) is countless and unbelievable.Ciara, the assistant manager, is a stand out for her poor performance and aggressive treatment of customers; I saw this clearly in my own mother's dealings with her.
I went in to open an account in the Blackrock branch with all the necessary documents. There was no other customers in the branch for the majority of my visit but after my details were taken, I was asked to wait for an invitation by email to make an appointment in 1.5 weeks for god knows when because they are so busy and don’t want to give unfair advantage to walk ins opening new accounts. Come on AIB, do better.
Getting phone support from an agent at AIB is harder than getting into Fort Knox or clearing the national debt. The level of service is appalling and when you do get through they can't help you. They are THE WORST BANK for customer service. Id didn't want to give any stars but it forced me to give one.
Doesn’t:-lodge checks-help setup personal accounts (told to go online) …
I had an Alice in Wonderland experience in this bank as, despite having all necessary documentation, I could not carry out the transaction I required and was redirected to Stillorgan or Dunlaoghaire branches. I heard the 4 customers who …
The staff are not knowledgeable of their own products, are passive-aggressive, and fail to acknowledge the customer as a customer; instead they treat users of the branch as if they should be grateful for the privilege of banking with AIB. …
I went in to open an account in the Blackrock branch with all the necessary documents. There was no other customers in the branch for the majority of my visit but after my details were taken, I was asked to wait for an invitation by email …
Terribly slow service. Can't lodge cheques in machine without your card. Offers v few services making it a fairly pointless branch, been caught out twice going there for stuff they can't do. No cashiers etc. Just people on site to explain what they can't do...
Can’t even get in the door. The door man asks what you want and when he’s told to lodge money he tells you there is no lodgement machine. How are you supposed to put money in your account if there is no way to lodge it ?
Useless branch. No cash loadgement. No self service. AIB works not for people. I don’t recommend this branch.
They resolved my issue very quickly.
It is only an ATM and account opening, you cannot cash checks or make deposits.
I had a very good experience with Jenita, she was very attentive and helpful. I went to open an account and was able to get everything done quickly and she was very kind too! Give her a raise haha!
The bank it very professional and prompt 👌 👍 😎 people there 😀 they will help you with your personal information and many more ,it quick and that change there it in good 👍 now it much easier. Thanks 😊
Wasn't able to lodge a cheque or cash. What's the point of the branch. Had to go to the finglas branch.
Very bad service starting with the receptionist to the manager don't go there
Solo es cajero y apertura de cuentas no puedes cambiar cheques ni hacer depósitos
Most pointless bank in the country... went in 6 months back to withdraw cash, was told its a cashless bank. Then today to lodge a cheque, told we do t have that facility here. What's the point
I would give zero star but is not available. I went to the bank to ask for a refund and the attendant put me on the phone to claim my money back. They are supposed to do so. I am the client but they are acting as they are. This is crazy
Very helpful and efficient staff. I was able to finish opening an account within 30 minutes.
On hold for 15 minutes now answer how can you get an appointment
Please open the account
Worst bank ever. No cash facilities at all. Does this bank not realise that CASH STILL EXISTS. Not everyone has a card. Anyhow people are been charged transaction fees for using card so it’s cheaper to use cash. If this bank have no cash facilities then the bank should just close down. The public have to be offered card or cash facilities.
If I could give 0 stars I would but seeing how hard the girl works and seeing what she has to deal with, I will leave the 1 star solely for her hard work.This branch has gone cashless with no prior warning. Needed to order a new bank card but needed money to tie me over to pay-day or till the new bank card arrives but they couldn’t give me my money because they are now cashless??! Utterly frustrating
Worst bank ever. No cash facilities at all. Does this bank not realise that CASH STILL EXISTS. Not everyone has a card. Anyhow people are been charged transaction fees for using card so it’s cheaper to use cash. If this bank have no cash …
If I could give 0 stars I would but seeing how hard the girl works and seeing what she has to deal with, I will leave the 1 star solely for her hard work. …
AIB CabraMost useless bank everCan't log money can't log checks …
I've been reluctantly banking with AIB for the last year, recently I've been trying to get a mortgage so I needed to request 6 months statements from 2 joint accounts I have with them. We've requested them 4 times at this stage, three times …
What kind of bank doesn’t take cash lodgements?
Incredibly rude service! I was hung-up on mid-sentence while trying to assist a client in opening a bank account. The employee was abrasive and had no time for my questions.
Truly shocking to see how useless the entire building is, going completely cashless just adds a bunch of inconvenience to locals.
Worst customer service ever I was treated with more disrespect than I can express
It used to be good bank. Now it's not a bank. No cash withdrawal facility except one ATM outside with limit 600e, no lodgement option too. Goverment try to digitalize our money and see every our transaction, control our life. AIB help them with it.
Horrible. No help one girl only that chooses who to answer. Machines don't work. Absolutely horrible .  Will defo move to another bank
Poor customer service... No cashier..
Joke !!!! No cash facility's
Just when I thought they couldn't be more inconvenient, they removed the tills and ATMs from inside. I explained to them that I need to withdraw a sum exceeding the daily limit, which wasn't a problem prior this, I was advised to go to a local post office instead as they couldn't help me. While I'm at it I might as well go to Ulster bank down the road and open up an account there instead...
Went to my AIB Branch today to do a lodgement and speak to Customer service about a Direct Debit I didn't set up,The Security Guy wouldn't let me in the door because I wouldn't tell him the purpose of my visit in the street while in the Q, I told him i needed to speak to some one in side ( Which is None of his Business)Seriously AIB Cabra this is not good practice haven't to explain your private Banking Affairs to a Security Gaurd in Public and then for him to decide weather to let you in or not,I Also tried to call the branch but iv been on hold for over an hour but i had to go back to work,
Just when I thought they couldn't be more inconvenient, they removed the tills and ATMs from inside. I explained to them that I need to withdraw a sum exceeding the daily limit, which wasn't a problem prior this, I was advised to go to a …
Went to my AIB Branch today to do a lodgement and speak to Customer service about a Direct Debit I didn't set up, …
Absolute rubbish. YOU CANT LODGE A CHECK, YOU CANT GET CASH. THIS IS NOT A BANK. THIS IS MORON CENTRAL.
The Terminal is almost every week for a couple of time out of service. I tried to get money once and the Terminal turned into out of service so I lost my card cause of technical problems! Be aware!
Very hard to get through to buy phone absolutely ridiculous service
Certain staff members are very rude
Like the Marie Celeste insideNo sign of staff to helpNo cash withdrawal facility except one ATM outside
You can’t lodge money here anymore ?? What’s the point in that
Small, slow bank.Queue all the time
Waste of time, can't deposit or withdraw..AVOID
Very unhelpful staff.
Fairly constant bank I have never  had any issues
People bery Bad service
Let you in just t tell you there's no counter
It's still open
Impossible to phone them directly.  When I eventually did get someone to answer, they couldn't contact the branch because at 12.20pm they are closed for lunch?
Now queueing for over 30 minutes withno end in sight. Only one person at counter
Always difficult to communicate with via the phone. Customer service is good within tthe branch but when you have to queue OMG aaaaaaaaaah
Machines always broken. Always a massive que. They just don't want to deal with customers at all.
Undefined person identifies him/her self as scribble works out of this branch.
Helpful fast ATM service
I tried to pay the rent,the guy from giseu was very arrogantsent me to the machine even though there were no other clients to stay in linein one final I managed and I went to another bank
Hate banks.  This one in particular the staff  I think could actually  have batteries installed. Operate like robots
At least they still handle cash
Awfully disgusting experience because of the staff called Lauren. Her behaviour was extremely rude and disrespectful. I wonder if was having a bad day or difficult time but this surely was not the way any normal banker behaves with clients.Only because of that person, I decided to get my account blocked and never do any deposit in AIB.
Horrible service! My wife went there a few months back to open a new bank account. They told her to come back with a job offer letter or some proof to show a source of income but she didn't have a job back then. So we decided to wait till she did get a job. Last week she went there with a job offer letter and address proofs. They told her to come back with more address proofs. So today she went there with broadband bills from September to January. This time they said you need to give us original bills instead of printouts. So obviously we felt disgusted and decided to try in Bank of Ireland, Rathmines. She went there and was completely looked after. In and out within 45 mins with everything done. Avoid this branch and if possible this bank as well!
Bad service, especially the guy on the reception he has no idea what he's doing, rude, if u ask about anything he will try his best to make leave the branch. Useless branch and staff.
Update: LITERALLY CANNOT DEPOSIT A CHEQUE. What is the point of this branchAbsolutely clueless. Inexplicably unable to do basic banking services. Avoid this branch like the plague
What kind of bank doesn't take cash deposits or any kind of cash in general isn't that what a bank is they used to no idea why they changed it what a waste of space for a bank
Appalling service. Go to Baggot St Lower instead..
Incompetent people working in this branch!! I tried opening a bank account and was given a hard time!! They didn’t even explain anything. I left and went to another branch and opened an account in under 20 mins.
Even if you think you can do your business with this "cashless" bank branch, i.e, something entirely not dealing with cash, don't be fooled. You can't even transfer your own money from your bank account to another - no cash is involved with this AIB!
What’s the point of this branch if it doesn’t work with cash?
Never enough staff 1 TELLER on at 12:30
Completely unuseful branch. You can’t deposit money, you can’t apply for financial products (they just provide you with a phone to call somewhere else). Honestly, don’t know for what purpose it exists.
Useless branch. Limited services and almost unstaffed.
Excellent service by Sophie! Very helpful and facilitating.
very slow not enouph staff
Horrible service, they all treated me like garbage just because I had the deliveroo jacket, they didn't want to update my app because I was a delivery guy
No longer does cash services. Pointless bank.
Fiona is the best! Very friendly and helped me to solve my problem!
Good customer service
Two times my money lost in an international transaction. NO telephone, no email, no answer. Their mistake and I have to chase them to recover my money. Don´t open an account in this bank never
It charge me the withdrawal and don't give me the money. It's the second time with the same issue in this ATM
The staff are friendly, but it needs more staff.. Or better lodgement machines (see BOIs).
needs more staff!!!!
Don't waste your time going here! Understaffed....and by the time you eventually get seen by someone, you are then told that they can't help you and you need to visit a proper branch.
Excellent service from Maria Boix in this branch. I had an issue with my debit card that can only be solved in Galway as I opened my account there. Maria dealt with everything avoiding me the hassle of having to go to Galway!
No lodgements even on the atm machine
Great staff
The worst bank ever!!! Three moths to open an account!!! HORRÍVEL!!!
Jenna and Rachel are amazing : nice, efficient, courteous.I'd never saw a such reception in a bank branches.
The worst bank, they didn't help me to open a account
This is a cashless facility: you cannot lodge funds, and you can only withdraw cash from the ATM outside. It's only use is for talking to staff, it should not be listed as a bank.
30 minutes waiting for help for Mostar jinio I don’t know he give me a wrong name or
Terrible branch, went to make a deposit in pounds and they questioned where I got the money from.After proving it, they were mad because the cash was not in order. Surreal experience
Huge delays in closing an account
It would be really helpful if AIB could add a note on Google that this branch has no cashiers. Wasted my time getting here, needed a cashier & then had to go elsewhere. This branch only has machines & customer service staff for consultations!
Only one cashier at the cashdesk at lunch time...
The staff are very polite and will help you... but only two people helping you will stay a long time in the queue.I requested a statement of closed account and after three weeks I'm still …
No cashiers at this bank