All good
we’ve been served by Morgan, she was so helpful and friendly. it literally took 5 mins to complete everything. best AIB experience (:
Had the pleasure of dining in Buddha MaMa last Saturday. What a great restaurant. The food was exceptional (particularly the Dumplings) and the service was so friendly. Many thanks and looking forward to returning soon. John & Kim.
Tried to lodge a cheque and the machine froze for 5 minutes eventually spat my card out and said out of order, crucially never giving me my cheque back, was after 7pm so no staff available, took a card with phone no. Listed and rang at 10:15am with no answer proceeded to then call both contact numbers listed a total of 20 times over 2 hours with no answer! Shocking service and cannot be trusted to lodge anything! Please hire more staff to answer calls!!!
Maria and Victor grateful staf thanks for your help and for your support and manr
Victor was very helpful when we met him this morning. Great customer service
Extremely helpful and knowledgeable. I would recommend Victor for anybody to talk to.
I was on hold for ten minutes. Then rang back again and no one answered there phone. The first time I rang someone answered so that is why I am giving 2 star review because in fairness someone helped me the first time I rang. Hire more staff to manage your phones for you.
Great experience.  I'm a big fan of self service.  If I don't have to converse with other human beings, I am in my element.  Easy to use idiot-proof machines but there are several members of staff on the floor to help out those with learning difficulties and/or an aversion to technology.  We definitely need more places like this for all of our banking needs.  Well done AIB.  The future is bright.
All facilities available on weekday as well as weekends. You can print and stamp the statements right there without prior requests in app.
Around 17:30 on 29th March the staff working there don't have patience to listening. I was asking yet but she interrupted me. It was not nice.
I would call this an ATM service rather than a bank.
Very good service, it has been handled in other banks for a long time without success, but we spent 30 mins in AIB then open the account successfully. particular thanks a staff called Kylie, she's really nice and professional.
I'm only posting this at 4 stars for this AIB because this is not a typical AIB branch. This fancy glass AIB is a called Quick Bank Facility, it have ATM and mortgage advisors but no bank counter so can’t provide normal counter services like international transfer/cheque. Heard many people came into this branch and were notified this is a quick bank, you can update your labels as a quick bank facilitating to avoid this, can you? Thanks!
Nice looking glass box. Good location and parking to. Good customer service. Friendly staff.
Very handy place. extremely polite customer service. Only downside is that the two machines are not very reliable. Half of the time I've been there one was out of order or malfunctioning. Even once it swallowed my card and powered off. Had to wait till Monday to contact my branch and request new card.
Open everyday except bank holiday. During  my lodgement the machine broke down returning half my notes one Sunday. I had to fill in a claim form and wait until the following Tuesday for the amount to be verified and be credited to my account. Not good enough really but as I was told it's a cashless bank so the staff have no access to the machines.I'll stick to my own branch from now on thanks.
Just got back from there. Apparently you need a “valid” reason to open another account there. I was not even allow to switch to AIB without a proper cause, which seemed even more ridiculous. And the attitude was very cold and rude, didn’t feel welcomed at all. Avoid it if able, at least this branch.
Just a regular bank unit. If you need to use AIB services, its a handy place to get them sorted while shopping.
Useless branch. You need to do a bank transfer and they don't have specific forms. I had to go to different branch. The staff was very friendly, but useless.
Fantastic staff would highly recommend made my banking experience effortless.The manager Annaliese was extremely helpful and friendly and responded very efficently
Friendly staffs and nice working environment.. Ready to assist you all the time.
Great opening hours, convenient location and friendly staff
Very handy and never usually too busy
Convenient parking opening hours
Very nice staff.
Open 7 days, fantastic.
Open 7 days which is way forward
No ATM outdoor
One star because I can't do zero, unbelievably poor 40-minute wait for the counter poor girl behind was is a sweat, looked like it was her first day, meanwhile plenty of other staff to point out machine's and stand around making faces behind customers backs, obviously the actual human customers don't matter a damn, better customer focus in a jail
I recently got a a mortgage from AIB, my mortgage advisor Anne was absolutely brilliant throughout what is a lengthy process getting any mortgage application. Right from my enquiry at the beginning to the drawdown she was on the ball, any query I had was clarified with such knowledge and professionalism. The quality of information, advice and best options was easily described to me, I would recommend anyone interested in even just having a chat about a mortgage to get in touch with Anne as she is brilliant at what she does.
Very poor customer service. Member of staff does not know procedures, had to go and ask advice from colleagues. Not the first time experiencing this. Don’t recommend this branch, better choose Bank of Ireland Ashbourne.
My partner and I opened a joint account with Abby Coyne and she could not have made the process easier for us. Our experience in the branch today was 10/10, would recommend
Visited with my mum Mary today, my mum is in her senior years an Andrea at the cash desk was so patient & helpful with her. I think it was a mutually good experience for both. That respect  example shown had a knock-on influence to the customer, the porter etc… thanks. Michael Tues 12 noon. AIB Ashbourne
 I'm trying to phone AIB Ashbourne and AIB 24 Hour Banking with zero success. I'm left on a continuous loop. If AIB are serious about getting people to do most of their banking online, or by phone, then they need to put more resources (e.g. people) into dealing with phone queries. Instead of pouring millions into marketing campaigns telling us how great they are, perhaps they could just aim to get the basics right and let their customers be the judge on how great they are.
Disastrous customer service. No one seems to have a clue about anything.  Changing my bank
I was in AIB Ashbourne on Friday I can not praise Damien Ryan enough it was a pleasure to come in and meet someone like Damien a smile on his face makes you feel welcome and a very professional young man. Thank you
Not enough cashier staff. Long queues outside in the rain. Online banking is not good enough so we still need a good face to face service
It's my bank and I have no complaints about it
Staff very nice but only one to deal with customers at the counter. I waited for 3/4  an hour for service while a queue of over 12 built up behind me.Not everything can be done online.
Absolute disgrace of a bank. Notice after notice about social distancing but the one thing they could do to "keep us safe" is actually have cashier's on duty. Instead people are forced to wait indoors for 10 to 20 mins for the only overworked  cashier.
All lodgement machines broken. Just waited 15min in queue for one cashier. Now standing in front of empty window still waiting because cashier is gone sorting something more important then customer in front of window. Need to change bank. This is ridiculous
Very nice place and friendly staff. Redona was dealing with us, she was professional and helped us with all the queries we had.
Dealing with Sarah and Gina from the mortgage team, I couldn't recommend them anymore. Straight to the point on all information, they make the whole mortgage process a walk in the park. Never left in the dark, constant updates from both Sarah and Gina. Thank you both!
Great staff always there to help .Fast and efficient . Especially Adam Papp he’s been amazing as always resolving all of our quarries !
Very bad only one cashier working. Wait 1h.  Not recommend. Is joke!!!
Very importantly this bank unlike many others offers ATM (Internal & External)  , Internal ATM with lobby and security guard open till 9 pm Mon - Sun    !!  When you are stuck and you need to lodge moneys one help full place post 4pm on average day  !!
Went in today with a mortgage query, met Gina - she couldnt have been more helpful, even in these Covid times.  Happy to recomend this branch of AIB
A far more pleasant experience than  I expected.
very good initiative to open until 9
Great place but sometimes machines are dwn for few days
Nice big bank, parking can be messy though
Lovely staffs !
Always problem with cash drop on Sunday.
Dropped in today to open an account with my cousin. Staff were very polite, patient and helpful. Excellent service. A special thanks go to Mark and his trainee.
Whatever you do, do not open an account here.When you try to close it, they will tell you that they cannot verify that you are, in fact, you. Either they will claim that the signatures do not match, or they will say the ink is wrong when you sign; they will come up with any excuse to force you to continue to be a client. They have been causing me stress for two months, and the next step is to visit the branch in person, but as I look different now than from my passport photo 6-7 years ago, and with this pattern of behavior, they will most likely tell me to my face that I am, in fact, not me. Having worked at a bank myself I know what you need in order to close the account, and it seems AIB just wants to keep you as a client no matter the cost, even if it is at your expense [both literally and mentally].
Incompetent staff not able to fulfill basic tasks of their job.
Perfect. Very good service. Saves my time. All the staff are so polite. Especially thanks to Emiile
The staff at this branch are extremely rude and unprofessional, they need to be trained in customer service properly. Upon visiting the branch today I witnessed a member of staff saying “I don’t know what I am doing” directly to a customer. When asked to get someone who did know what they were doing, the same untrained, rude staff member returned and said the issue had been solved when it in fact was not, she then quickly turned to ‘help’ another customer to avoid any further conversation.It is obvious that the staff either have not been trained effectively or they do not care about their job whatsoever.
Had a good experience here. I solved my issues with assistance of a lady consultant,  professional and polite, thanks
This is the lowest customer service I had ever .they cal me and advised me bring the documents to come the baggot street AIB branch when I come the branch they ask me  appointment they wasted my time i am not recomanded this branch
Soo slow service, only one cashier during lunch pick time, some machines not working.
The service was excellent.It was hassle & stress-free.There were dedicated personnel to guide and help us through the process.
This bank is not friendly to foreigners. I went in today (Jan 22, 2020 @ 2:30) to open up a bank account after just having moved over from Canada. The man and the front seemed to not take me seriously after I mentioned that I did not have an appointment booked.He would not accept my documents, and kept on saying if I did not have them there is nothing he could do. While I understand there are requirements for banking there must be alternate options for those who have recently moved over. When trying to ask other questions to determine if there were non-resident accounts or other options for me, I was constantly interrupted or told there is absolutely nothing he can do. Not helpful at all, and very dismissive to myself and the situation. Opening up new accounts is not a priority for them, and if this is how they treat their clients I am happy not to be one.I went a block down to Bank of Ireland who got me sorted out with a non-resident account in less than 20 minutes.
If you want to transfer money you need something like a calculator that they send to you. It seems like a 1990's bank. If you want to save a contact it's the same. They don't tell you when you purchase or receive money. I prefer revolout or another usable bank.
I was very impressed and surprised by the friendliness and helpfulness of the woman in the lobby. She wen't out of her way to help me. Everything was efficient, clean, organised.
Unless it's normal to wait for 50min to get some cash out from a cashier, it's unacceptably slow service
Very positive experience for a banking transaction I visited them for. Professional and friendly. Thank you!
Friendly staff and service
Some people should not be let to be on the floor serving customers. So rude
Good service
Colin was an absolute gent at helping setup a business account in this branch. Extremely helpful and I am very grateful of his assistance throughout the process. Very happy I went with AIB as my choice as a result!!
thanks to Lucy of the Dun Laoghaire branch for sorting out the credit card paymentsvery professional service 👏
Big thanks to Megan for spending over an hour fixing the authenticator app on my phone. Thanks also to Sean for helping too.Great customer service!We were all equally frustrated with this app, which would get 1 star if it was an option.AIB needs to do something about this authenticator app and the problems it's creating.
I had no issue with the bank and my husband seemed to get the help he needed from Linda, so we thank them for that. However the security guard at the door between 10-11 December 30 2021,(didn't catch the name just an oldish guy), needs to catch a wake up. He is rude, obnoxious and should be removed of duty. He didn't allow me to enter the bank with my husband to get documents together that we needed. I stood at the door waiting to go in, and he blatantly ignored me, then when my husband came out, the security guard, waved good bye and said in a very condescending tone- cheerio. I don't think AIB would appreciate this type of behaviour from their security guard. The security company needs to train their staff to not only protect, but also how to communicate with the company they guard's clients.
Queue forever. Too busy since closed Dalkey, not enough staff!!!
Helpful staff, always keen to provide as much support and care as possible. Even for non trivial cases they are 100% there for you, ready to go that extra mile. My favourite AIB branch in Dublin!
Very impressed by the service offered by Meghan at customer care . She was very obliging helpful and followed up with a phonecall to me the following day.Margaret Costrllo
Doors locked at 15:59 on a Monday afternoon. The security guard couldn't have been less helpful or more impolite.
Just awful treatment of retail customer by the management.Long queues and insufficient resources added to this part of banking.It's not recent they have been like that for years
Dealt with linda. She couldnt have been nicer or more helpful. Shes a credit to the branch
Sick of waiting in q and 1 member of staff on. 3 parking tickets in a month. Moving my accounts
Cash & Cheque machines all broken, nobody on counters. 2 staff trying to help ~15 people.
Staff were really friendly and helpful. :)
Staff so helpful
Really convenient if you’re working in the area. Ronan was very knowledgeable with mortgage information and tips in the past. Also John was so helpful when I needed assistance with a payment after I may have broken the kiosk  :D
Not a function bank, its ATMS, no teller so don't make the same mistake I did and try and exchange currency in there. Closest other AIBs that you can avail of full services are O' Connell Street and Baggot St
the highest level of customer service Retail Manager John he is very kind and always helpful only in this branch the service shows empathy and commitment 🙂
Went to get money out as I'd lost my bank card. Was told it's a "cashless bank".... sorry what??? Nearest Bank with cash is city centre.
Fairly pointless branch, no cash services or cashiers to administer basics like cheques or drafts
Great opening hours, wide range of services and super helpful staff!
This is not a cash brunch, you can't load cash to your account here
Staff are helpful, machines always broke.
You can lodge cheques here just did
Very nice, helpful staff.
Very helpful staff
Great service!
Understaffed by design. Supposed to be a bit of a digital hub, I assume, but frustrating experience for a customer. Staff are helpful when you get to them.
I would like to thank Simona for the most clear, stress free and quick mortgage process. Simona is the most professional and kind person to deal with. It was an absolute pleasure, thank you again! And big thanks to Kate for being so helpful every time I need something! I am really happy I am a client of this branch, can always count on everyone there!
Nice branch for withdrawals and lodgements and all sort of inquiries
I am very disappointed that Google is 1 Star minimum . I would like to give this branch 0 stars . I went in to cancel my overdraft and was told that they can’t do it in this branch - it has to be my local branch that I opened my account with . He logged into my account with his special privileges and everything but he couldn’t cancel it .Of course you can open an overdraft with them online in under 30 mins but you can’t cancel online - absolutely disgraceful .I wasn’t in my home branch during business hours with work and the COVID lockdowns .So that means the bafoon working there cost me €60 in overdraft fees , when I didn’t want or need it .I went to the Navan branch which I just gave 5 stars for sorting me out .Avoid this branch , you are better off asking a 5 year old on the street for advice , I guarantee they will be more helpful .
Never had such an awful experience with a bank before (in any country I have been to). Prospect clients should be welcomed, not made them feel they are an inconvenience.I strongly suggest your staff at this branch be better trained in customer service. Problems in setting up an account can happen, and I am willing to do what it takes to fix them, but the way staff behaves while explaining what to do makes a huge difference in the customer experience.The phone assistance in comparison was very nice and sympathetic.
Honestly, I have no words to describe how much this bank is bad. Just to give you an idea, it’s been 3 months I’m trying to log in into my online account without succeeding, while they keep on sending me theirs codes which are not accepted by the app.Let’s not to talk about how much useless is the customer support.They also told me to go physically to a branch to activate the ONLINE BANKING. In 2022. Not real. Go away from them if you can.
Very poor customer service by the young, bearded man handling small queries.I recently had to go to this branch to see an advisor. The already mentioned man , in an arrogant way told me I should get back at 14.30 (As if customer could spend their whole morning attending the branch at the time he pleases). I did come back at the time I was indicated and after having waited 15 minutes he approached me once again to tell me nobody would attend me and I should leave. I insisted I had to see an advisor, and while he was repeateadly asking me to leave, in a no comfortable way, an advisor approached and kindly invited me to her office and helped me solve my query.This man was arrogant and inpolite to me. It's hard for a customer to near beg to be attended. As an AIB customer I would have expected a minimum standard of politeness (not even of understanding if that's too much) at the very least.
Never had trouble with this branch until recently. Staff makes you feel very unwelcomed and are dismissive of queries without listening fully to what client has to say.Utterly dissapointing experience.
Went there with a friend to help him to open bank acc ( he has a very basic english). Been there 2 times becouse of incompetent staff. Opening acc was a nightmare, at the end we did. Very slow, make sure you take half day off. Completely wrong attitude of customer service lady's. Going there you feel like a  intruder.
Absolutely excellent, the Assistant Manager is a real good guy, no Bull, extremely helpful and friendly, I got all the answers I was interested in
The service is a disgrace they are charging people a fortune on fees and interest rates  and you spend over a hour trying to get through to them ; people need to complain more and more till they get the message this is not acceptable
Great bank, usually busy but most transaction can be done on ATM. Queue mostly long for cashier.. Dedicated staff is always available to help!
I visited the AIB bank in Crumlin and had a real concern about transferring money to my son in Cuba. I was greeted by a member of staff as i came in the door who couldnt have been more helpful or kinder.I later found out his name is TJ Well I would like to express gratitude to him for his efficiency and kindness.Regards, Detta Brennan.
Shockingly bad customer service
Ridiculus only 1atm and no money in it half the time. Everything automated, so impersonal.Personal Banking with a machine!
I was very well attended by Michael Waldron.Thanks Michael!
Would be great if you could get in to the place.
Shower of lazy x ys and zs left me on hold for 30 minutes
It's a bit busy, there aren't enough staff
Helpful busy bank
Very professional.
Pastries
Very good place and fast service
I love the euro
This bank is a joke. We have a company’s account, I wanted to open a saving account, but it cannot be done online. Need to fill a form, but I cannot fill it out in the branch, it has to be posted and a business advisor will give us call whenever he/she is free. There is no business advisor in the branch on Fridays. Unbelievable something like this can't be done online. The amount of fees paid to them every quarter!
Visited them todayPerfect customer serviceGot very close appointment compared to other branches
Was in today, was so confused regarding an issue I was having. Gina was so helpful and put me at ease! I couldn’t recommend her enough so lovely and helpful. Literally the only time I’ve left the bank happy!
It's not overcrowded like all branches around city centre. I've been there few times between 2pm  and 5pm, every time I found only few (3-5) people in a queue.
I want to say thank you to Jason Nolan , helping me out to make an new bank account . Initially we had issue's with our proof of address with other staff . But with the help of Jason's 'efficiency and decision making our problem got solved .  I have seen the vision of AIB in an picture frame , if you hire the staff like Jason Nolan in to your team , you can really achieve the vision as soon as possible .
I just want to say a huge thank you to Tara smyth who was very professional and efficient dealing with a huge security breach on my account! She was extremely helpful and I will forever be thankful to her!